GCP announcement (#474)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-09/google-cloud-platform-integration/index.md

    --no-enable-basic-auth \
    --cluster-version "1.20.6-gke.1000" \
    --release-channel "regular" \
    --machine-type "e2-medium" \
    --image-type "COS" \
    --disk-type "pd-standard" \
    --disk-size "100" \
    --metadata disable-legacy-endpoints=true \
    --scopes "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append" \
    --num-nodes "3" \
    --enable-stackdriver-kubernetes \
    --enable-ip-alias \
    --network "projects/<your project>/global/networks/default" \
    --subnetwork "projects/<your project>/regions/australia-southeast1/subnetworks/default" \
    --default-max-pods-per-node "110" \
    --no-enable-master-authorized-networks \
    --addons HorizontalPodAutoscaling,HttpLoadBalancing,GcePersistentDiskCsiDriver \
    --enable-autoupgrade \
    --enable-autorepair \
    --max-surge-upgrade 1 \
    --max-unavailable-upgrade 0 \
    --enable-shielded-nodes
```

## Conclusion

> We hope you enjoy deploying infrastructure to GCP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope you enjoy deploying infrastructure to Google Cloud Platform. 
```
